um feel like I used to being you know
every other person that goes to the gym
looking to build some muscle and build
muscle fast that you were constantly
looking for a later routines and stuff
like that you know to do and chances are
if you're like me do one for a week
maybe two weeks write it off because you
didn't get huge overnight you just can't
see bouncing off the program to program
it was until I discovered a program by
this guy called Jason Peru get called
muscle gaining secrets you can click a
link over there we'll take your way to
his site but I actually started making
gains and stuff I mean at the time I was
I had like 13 maybe 14 inch arms and you
know I had goals I want to get strong I
wanted to get bigger and I wanted to do
with those steroids and taking all kinds
of supplements so long story short by
following the principles that are
outlining that ebook I went from
basically 13 14 and jobs in it right now
of 18 inch arms and that's a cold and my
bench press is foreigner plus my squat
deadlift evoke over 600 on and i'm going
to start competing as a power lifter now
because i finally got to the golden i
wanted to and all this stuff is achieved
by following these principles and it's
again you know drug-free no supplements
minus whey protein but everybody is get
tons of protein as you'll see and I've
also given this off to a couple of
friends and they're like they'd just
consume massive results from it too it
all comes down to just learning how to
train yourself properly how to rest
properly how to eat probably all other
stuff so if you're interested in
learning how to build muscle fast and
with a program that is guaranteed to
work I have yet to give it to anybody
that actually puts the effort in it
doesn't get any of it it's just it's
impossible if you follow and you know
other good part of this whispers oh hey
you got you got nothing to lose you
might as well try it out download it
follow it for a couple weeks it's better
than going to the muscle and fitness and
grab on one of them mr. olympia workouts
it doesn't work for the average Joe it
might tell you this one will so again
click that link over here it's going to
take you Jason through use muscle
gaining secrets before long you do that
have either 18 or whatever whatever size
you want thanks Kayla 40 errand for you
looks over there take care goodbye